Update install-office-on-wvd-master-image.md (#117059)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/install-office-on-wvd-master-image.md

Shared computer activation lets you to deploy Microsoft 365 Apps for enterprise to a computer in your organization that is accessed by multiple users. For more information about shared computer activation, see [Overview of shared computer activation for Microsoft 365 Apps](/deployoffice/overview-shared-computer-activation).

> Use the [Office Deployment Tool](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=49117) to install Office. Windows 10/11 Enterprise multi-session only supports the following versions of Office:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [Office Deployment Tool](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=49117) to install Office. Windows 10 Enterprise multi-session and Windows 11 Enterprise-multi-session only support the following versions of Office:
```
